models: formatting, new section on download-on-demand (#197)
OCR-D/ocrd-website: site/en/models.md

However, there are use cases where `system` or even `cwd` should be
used as location to store resources, hence the `--location` option.

## Downloading on-demand

When you provide a value to a file parameter, such as ocrd_tesserocr's `model`
parameter, the value will be resolved by OCR-D/core. If the resource is not
found in the filesystem, OCR-D/core will try to find a matching resource in
its list of bundled resources. If the parameter value matches the `name` of one

> of those resources, it will be **downloaded on-demand**.

Reviewer: Terrific!

However, there are use cases where `system` or even `cwd` should be
used as location to store resources, hence the `--location` option.

## Downloading on-demand

> When you provide a value to a file parameter, such as ocrd_tesserocr's `model`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you provide a value to a file parameter, such as ocrd-calamari-recognize's `checkpoint`
```

Author: That particular example is not ideal because `checkpoint` still expects a full path with wildcards 😟 But `checkpoint_dir` would be fitting.

Author: 0c351e45 `s,checkpoint,checkpoint_dir,`
